so Abijah rested with his father's and
so Abijah rested with his father's and they buried him in the City of David
they buried him in the City of David
they buried him in the City of David then ASA his son reigned in his place in
then ASA his son reigned in his place in
then ASA his son reigned in his place in his days the land was quiet for ten
his days the land was quiet for ten
his days the land was quiet for ten years
years
years ASA did what was good and right in the
ASA did what was good and right in the
ASA did what was good and right in the eyes of the Lord his God for he removed
eyes of the Lord his God for he removed
eyes of the Lord his God for he removed the altars of the foreign gods and the
the altars of the foreign gods and the
the altars of the foreign gods and the high places and broke down the sacred
high places and broke down the sacred
high places and broke down the sacred pillars and cut down the wooden images
pillars and cut down the wooden images
pillars and cut down the wooden images he commanded Judah to seek the Lord God
he commanded Judah to seek the Lord God
he commanded Judah to seek the Lord God of their fathers and to observe the law
of their fathers and to observe the law
of their fathers and to observe the law and the commandment he also removed the
and the commandment he also removed the
and the commandment he also removed the high places and the incense altars from
high places and the incense altars from
high places and the incense altars from all the cities of Judah and the kingdom
all the cities of Judah and the kingdom
all the cities of Judah and the kingdom was quiet under him
was quiet under him
was quiet under him and he built fortified cities in Judah
and he built fortified cities in Judah
and he built fortified cities in Judah for the land had rest he had no war in
for the land had rest he had no war in
for the land had rest he had no war in those years because the Lord had given
those years because the Lord had given
those years because the Lord had given him rest therefore he said to Judah let
him rest therefore he said to Judah let
him rest therefore he said to Judah let us build these cities and make walls
us build these cities and make walls
us build these cities and make walls around them and towers gates and bars
around them and towers gates and bars
around them and towers gates and bars while the land is yet before us because
while the land is yet before us because
while the land is yet before us because we have sought the Lord our God we have
we have sought the Lord our God we have
we have sought the Lord our God we have sought him and he has given us rest on
sought him and he has given us rest on
sought him and he has given us rest on every side so they built and prospered
every side so they built and prospered
every side so they built and prospered and ASA had an army of 300,000 from
and ASA had an army of 300,000 from
and ASA had an army of 300,000 from Judah who carried shields and Spears and
Judah who carried shields and Spears and
Judah who carried shields and Spears and from Benjamin 280,000 men who carried
from Benjamin 280,000 men who carried
from Benjamin 280,000 men who carried shields and drew bows all these were
shields and drew bows all these were
shields and drew bows all these were mighty men of valor them Zera the
mighty men of valor them Zera the
mighty men of valor them Zera the ethiopian came out against them with an
ethiopian came out against them with an
ethiopian came out against them with an army of a million men and 300 channels
army of a million men and 300 channels
army of a million men and 300 channels and he came to Mauritian so ASA went out
and he came to Mauritian so ASA went out
and he came to Mauritian so ASA went out against him and they set the troops in
against him and they set the troops in
against him and they set the troops in battle array in the valley of Zephyr at
battle array in the valley of Zephyr at
battle array in the valley of Zephyr at Marisha and ASA cried out to the Lord
Marisha and ASA cried out to the Lord
Marisha and ASA cried out to the Lord his God ward it is nothing for you to
his God ward it is nothing for you to
his God ward it is nothing for you to help whether it was many those who have
help whether it was many those who have
help whether it was many those who have no power
no power
no power help us O Lord our God for we rest on
help us O Lord our God for we rest on
help us O Lord our God for we rest on you and in your name we go against this
you and in your name we go against this
you and in your name we go against this multitude
multitude
multitude Oh Lord you are our God
Oh Lord you are our God
Oh Lord you are our God do not let man prevail against you so
do not let man prevail against you so
do not let man prevail against you so the Lord struck the Ethiopians before
the Lord struck the Ethiopians before
the Lord struck the Ethiopians before ASA and Judah and the Ethiopians fled
ASA and Judah and the Ethiopians fled
ASA and Judah and the Ethiopians fled and ASA and the people who were with him
and ASA and the people who were with him
and ASA and the people who were with him pursued them to gira so the Ethiopians
pursued them to gira so the Ethiopians
pursued them to gira so the Ethiopians were overthrown and they could not
were overthrown and they could not
were overthrown and they could not recover it for they were broken before
recover it for they were broken before
recover it for they were broken before the Lord and his army and they carried
the Lord and his army and they carried
the Lord and his army and they carried away very much spoil then they defeated
away very much spoil then they defeated
away very much spoil then they defeated all the cities around geared for the
all the cities around geared for the
all the cities around geared for the fear of the Lord came upon and they
fear of the Lord came upon and they
fear of the Lord came upon and they plundered all the cities for there was
plundered all the cities for there was
plundered all the cities for there was exceedingly much spoiler they also
exceedingly much spoiler they also
exceedingly much spoiler they also attacked the livestock enclosures and
attacked the livestock enclosures and
attacked the livestock enclosures and carried off sheep and camels in
carried off sheep and camels in
carried off sheep and camels in abundance and returned to Jerusalem